So, there is this Daemon Kingdom.
Right now, only imps and demons live there.
It is strict hierarchy system, where each of the creatures knows their place.
There is also an army side of the kingdom.
Those who enter army are treated better than the civilians.
--
So, Lesser Imp is a civil, treated like a footstool, but those that entered service, Imp Servants are treated like servants in households of higher imps.
Similar for Imps, which are just a regular citizens, they can become Soldiers and have some bigger importance in hierarchy.
Greater Imps have no military route, as the are already important and strong among Imps, but exceptional ones can become Generals and lead Impkind.
Both Lower Demons and Normal Demons can become Demon Fighters, here only melee prowess matters.
 But both of them can become Slaves and be sold to Imps or other Demons.
Higher Demons can become chosen to serve as Guardians, and later on, if they serve well and time is right, Warlords.
There are also stories about cultists of some Chosen Demon, but these are very scarce.
--
Many of the Daemons, especially Imps, try to run away from there, but there is no hope for them as the Shadowlands are hunting grounds for the Lost Souls(you).
To prevent the Lost Ones from increasing ther fighting prowess, Deserter Hunters are regularly dispatched to hunt the escapist.
And to prevent Shadowland monster from invading, many posts and chokepoint guards are scattered at the borders.
--
Very often army serves as servants of the higher/highest Daemons.
They have no right to refuse, as even as part of the army, they are still lower in hierarchy.
But if they do, they have to prove their strength by killing one issuing order or run away.
Either way, they will most commonly die.
--
Demons hate to serve under imps, it is well seen between Lower Demon and Imp General relations.
But if General is much stronger than Demon, so that he plants seed of fear in his heart, he can bend these Demons to his will.
--
When a member of Daemon or Demon race has some amplitude to magic, he becomes Botir.
Both respected and feared, they stand above others.
While they may be a bit weaker when it comes to equipment or vitality, they use their magic to great effect